Kauil_STM32
===================


This repository has the code for the V2 controller board of Kauil. It uses an STM32F3 microcontroller to interface the hardware peripherals to the Linux system on board of the robot via USB. To start developing code for this project please read the [STM32 section](https://github.com/Robots-de-Rescate/wiki_general/wiki/Tutorials#stm32) before.

Structure of the repository
--------------------------------
The repository is organized to optimize the collaboration amongst members of the team simultaneously and reduce the amount of conflicts, while also providing a more insightful organization of the code.

A brief description of the main files and folders that are found here is shown below:

<dl>
    <dt>README.md: </dt>
    <dd> This file.</dd>

    <dt>README.img:</dt>
    <dd> A folder containing all the images from this README.</dd>

    <dt>Source:</dt>
    <dd> This folder contains all the source code used to build the firmware for the board. Its structure is described in more detail in its own <a href="https://github.com/Robots-de-Rescate/Kauil_STM32/tree/master/Source">README</a>.</dd>

    <dt>*Output:</dt>
    <dd> This folder has all the files generated by the compiler and the linker in order to generate the hex file that will be downloaded to the microcrontroller by the st-link driver.</dd>

    <dt>KauilSTM32Firmware.uvproj:</dt>
    <dd> This file describes the project in general, is the main one that Keil will open, and is where paths to include files (\*.h) are stored as well as paths to the source files in the project (\*.c).</dd>

    <dt>*KauilSTM32Firmware.uvopt:</dt>
    <dd> Here is where Keil stores the configuration of the programmer and the debugger, this file will be generated automatically after configuring the debugger and closing that Keil's session.</dd>

    <dt>LinuxWorkspace</dt>
    <dd> This folder contains all files related to compiling and debugging the project on Linux, they are required by make and the Makefile provided, to be able to compile, link, and download code to the board.</dd>
</dl>

**\* Note :** These files and folders were added to the .gitignore file so they are not being version controlled, this was done to keep the repository clean, and they will be generated by Keil automatically.

Other generated files were omitted because they are automatically generated and do not store information relevant to the project like GUI or user preferences.

